Add LangSmith observability and evaluation next steps to Deep Agents quickstart (#4655)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/deepagents/quickstart.mdx

- **Customize your agent**: Learn about [customization options](/oss/deepagents/customization), including custom system prompts, tools, and subagents.
- **Add long-term memory**: Enable [persistent memory](/oss/deepagents/memory) across conversations.

> - **Monitor and debug**: Use [LangSmith observability](/langsmith/observability-quickstart) to trace your agent's planning steps, tool calls, and subagent delegation in real time.
> - **Test and evaluate**: Use [LangSmith evaluation](/langsmith/evaluation-quickstart) to run automated tests and measure your agent's performance against a dataset.
> - **Deploy to production**: Use [Managed Deep Agents](/langsmith/managed-deep-agents-overview) to create, run, and operate deep agents in LangSmith.

Reviewer: ### 
```suggestion
- **Customize your agent**: Learn about [customization options](/oss/deepagents/customization), including custom system prompts, tools, and subagents.
- **Add long-term memory**: Enable [persistent memory](/oss/deepagents/memory) across conversations.
- **Deploy to production**: Use [Managed Deep Agents](/langsmith/managed-deep-agents-overview) to create, run, and operate deep agents in LangSmith.
- **Test and evaluate**: Use [LangSmith evaluation](/langsmith/evaluation-quickstart) to run automated tests and measure your agent's performance against a dataset.
```
